133 bug bash script fixes (#139)
astronomer/terraform-provider-astro: README.md

- The generated Terraform configurations may require some manual adjustment to match your specific requirements or to resolve any conflicts.
- Always review the generated files before applying them to your Terraform state.

## FAQ and Troubleshooting

### Frequently Asked Questions

1. **What resources can I manage with this Terraform provider?** 
   - Workspaces, deployments, clusters, hybrid cluster workspace authorizations, API tokens, teams, team roles, and user roles.

2. **How do I authenticate with the Astro API?**

>    - Use an API token set as the `ASTRO_API_TOKEN` environment variable or provided in the provider configuration.

Reviewer: Nit grammar
```suggestion
   - Use an API token set as the `ASTRO_API_TOKEN` environment variable or add it in the provider configuration.
```

3. **Can I import existing Astro resources into Terraform?**
   - Yes, use the Astro Terraform Import Script to generate import blocks and resource configurations.

> 4. **What Terraform and Go versions are required?**

Reviewer: I don't think you need go to run it since it's a binary.

   - Terraform >= 1.7 and Go >= 1.21.

5. **How can I contribute to the provider's development?**
   - Submit pull requests, report issues, or suggest improvements on the GitHub repository.

### Troubleshooting

1. **Issue: 401 Unauthorized error when running `terraform plan` or `terraform apply`**

   Solution: Your API token may have expired. Update your `ASTRO_API_TOKEN` environment variable with a fresh token:
   ```
   export ASTRO_API_TOKEN=<your-new-token>
   ```
   
2. **Issue: Import script fails to find resources**

   Solution:
    - Ensure you have the correct permissions in your Astro organization.

>     - Verify that your API token is valid and has the necessary scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Verify that your API token is valid and has the necessary scopes and permissions.
```
